hi my name is pop I'm making a video
tutorial in ubuntu basics about the
PowerPoint like presentation program
called impress this is a segment which
shows how to work with sound files when
you open up impress you are able to add
sound files and the sound files last
through the duration of a slide and when
you hit page down the sound file ends or
you can wait until the sound file ends
and then hit next slide if you want to
do so you can make the sound file span
several slides and I'm going to show you
how to do that I'm going to open up a
new presentation here very simply
I'll pick blue and I'm not going to
embellish it in any way and I'm going to
create this empty presentation on
layouts in tasks
I will pick something simple here this
is going to be slide 1 and then I'm
going to insert slide 2 now please
notice when you normally add a sound
file you do so by going in to where it
says add a movie right down here a sound
file and a movie is how you that's how
you put in the sound file right here
where it says movie is sort of missing
named but in order to make the sound
span several slides you do it
differently and I will show how to do
that in this instance I'm going to make
the slides go one two three but there's
going to be one sound file so let's go
up here I've made four slides now I'm
now going to go back to slide 1 and this
is where I'm going
to be add the sound file and this is
where it begins it's going to begin on
slide 1 or to make it clear I suppose I
will do it on slide 2 you go down over
here to the task pane to where it says
slide transition and then you want to
modify the transition and you want to go
over here where it says sound and go to
other sound and I am just going to grab
some music I'll just go grab some music
here and I'll open this now this is
important you must put a click right
here where it says loop until next sound
ok the sound file is going to begin
playing when I go to slide 2 now it'll
play through slide 3 it'll play through
slide 4 let me insert one more slide
we'll call this one slide 5 and on slide
5 I'm going to change the sound to stop
previous sound and let's insert slide 6
and now here on slide 6 why don't I put
in another sound
I'll go back to music and I'll go and
put in another song now I'm going to
play this presentation with f5 and you
will be able to hear how everything
spans across the slides in order for you
to hear that I need to go first to
volume control and change the volume
control settings from the Logitech
headset which I am wearing to monitor of
and as soon as I click on this you will
not be able to hear me
you
ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba
I do not know how to make videos span
across slides that may not be possible I
will investigate it
my name is pop I have a whole bunch of
YouTube videos called Ubuntu basics and
some of them are spreadsheet basics and
if you enjoyed this I would like to hear
from people and I thank you very very
much